TODO List:



3. Design tests for the authentication system
   - Add tests for the authentication system
   - Add tests for the password reset system
   - Add tests for the email verification system

4. System messages
   - Add system messages to the chat (user joined a channel, user left a channel, user was added to a channel, user was removed from a channel)

5. AI summarizes channel conversations
   - Add AI to summarize channel conversations, "summary of last x days"

8. add user profile
   - Add user profile page
   - name, avatar, bio, email, mutual channels

9. user interactions (search, send dms, add to channels, click a users message to view their profile)
   - Search for users by name, email, or mutual channels
   - Send dms, add to channels
   - click a users message to view their profile




13. AI summarize documents of supported file types when they are uploaded, store an AI summary of the document in the database
14. be careful what the ai knows before it sends messages to other users, if im talking shit about the company or my boss in dms, i dont want it to reveal my secrets to the boss
15. ai powered search over long channels
16. global ai bot that can answer anyones questions about the company


10. Implement a loading indicator for message pagination in the chat area.
11. Make the text input field dynamic, so it grows based on the number of lines of text in the input field. and the text input field should be scrollable and wrap text.
13. message notification when a message is recieved on a channel you are in, and the channel is not open
14. add a "leave channel" button to the channel page
15. confirm delete channel dialog instead of browser alert
16. pin channels and dms
19. Channel_members table to add roles_id, with a roles table to add permissions (owner, admin, member)
17. media and file uploads (media table, media_messages table, message text can be blank if media is present)
18. Multitenancy???
20. fix channel invite codes, also invite to channel from user profile

18. test skipping channel message requests skip pages


19. check the frequency of requests to the server, seems like some are being sent more than once, scrolling, login, auth/verify

20. when a user clicks a reaction to remove their own, the other user's reaction is removed visually

21. increase time required for the yellow away status to turn on
22. error indicator for trying to change the privacy of a dm (maybe changing the channel settings modal to be different if its a dm)


23. edit user profile, updating name doesn't work
24. Channel list defaults to alphabetical, but it can be pinned to top (does this have to be stored in db? maybe is_pinned in channel_members, also could add role_id to same table)
25. still need to implement search in dm modals, as well as search bar at the top across all messages and channels you are in
26. Verify sorting of dms by last message date

28. don't let users delete dm channels at all, will keep allowing deletion for testing purposes

29. NOT IMPORTANT, maybe dm channel isnt created until a message is sent, or it wont appear in the other users channel list until a message is sent
30. file upload button to the left of the message input field

31. set up port forwarding on ec2 instance, so https requests hit frontent port 3000
32. ask if anyone has had luck getting auth0 on ec2 without using a domain name

33. common general channel that everyone is added to when they sign up
34. personal dm channel with self
35. fix default image error when making a new account with email/password
36. bug when selecting a new dm, if you have no message history, runtime error, channel still made tho
37. when clickinga user profile from the channel member list, it opens the user profile modal, but the user profile modal is squished into the memeber list popout
